# CS-330-Project
The design skills that stuck with me are the 3D design skills which include models, lighting, texturing, etc. Another skill which is important but not discussed enough is shaders which really make a whole project come together. The design process as followed was gathering the requirments of the scene, building the objects, positioning, camera movement, texturing, lighting, and rendering the complete project. When building a program you go through a similar process. I use these processes everyday in school when doing SCRUM where we gather requirements, design, implement, testing, maintenance, etc. This keeps a very organizational structure and you can follow it easily and make it more understandable.
One new development skill I want to highlight is incremental development. Everything in this project was done in increments. Specifically since I have never used openGL, this helped me a lot. Having the milestones set up like this was incremental and easier to understand. 
Iteration was a crucial factor which showed up in my components of trail and error. For example, contiuously testing over and over again any time I changed an attribute or created a new shape. When I wanted to add lighting and/or refining other features there was constant exmpirements to get desired results. Throughout the milestones, my comfortability with openGL and the code I wrote increased tremendously. The beginning I was extremely confused, after getting past that first week or two it became more seamless. The most important lessons I learned throughout these milestones are the importance of comments, wiriting readable code, and making your and somebody else's life easier by organizing your code. Comments saved me a lot of time from searching where functions or declarations were. The code is readable and has a certain organizational structure that is easy to understand. This will all influence how I write and continue to design and develop programs/applications. These are the skills that allowed me to complete each milestone and complete the project, research/articles and textbooks also played a role in this as well.
Computational graphics and design has taught me a great deal about designing and implementing. These types of project can be extremely tideous and time consuming. There are many things I learned throughtout building this project which included designing, lighting, textures, building objects, and camera movement. These specific skills I learned may not directly be useful for my future endeavors but, it taught me a lot about trial and error. There is a realm full of information for computational graphics and the limit is endless with what you can and cannot create. As an aspiring front-end engineer, I started to understand the importance of tediousness and realism when it comes to applications. This project taught me mathematical, analytical, creative, and technical skills which can be used in any environment whether it be work or school.
